


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Developer

Working at CBC:
At the CBC, we all have a story to tell. What’s yours?

If you share our passion for Canadian storytelling and you wish to help us engage with individuals and communities across our various digital platforms, this is where you’ll want to be! 

Every day, you will have an opportunity to shape the way in which Canadians see themselves reflected in our digital services. Your work will have a direct impact on how millions of Canadians from various communities  connect with our products, with one another, and with the diverse voices that make our country so unique. 

You will have the opportunity to play a part in enlightening and entertaining Canadians through our innovative work in building the mediums that deliver our content. We are an innovative hub, where the talented professionals we work with are respected and valued for their contributions. Our product teams are vibrant and our work culture strives to achieve the highest standards of diversity and inclusion. We believe that hiring people with different career paths and backgrounds is fundamental in our shared success and in building healthy and highly performant teams. When you join our mission, you are not only shaping the vision of the CBC, but the future of our country. 


Why is this role important?
This isn’t your typical machine learning role. You are taking the best of data systems engineering, machine learning and software development, and applying it to interesting problems you wouldn’t normally get a chance to solve at a big enterprise or a startup.

As a Machine Learning Developer, you’ll be able to apply Machine Learning approaches to products, where the expected outcome is to show value to our audience, rather than to increase company revenue. We have several recommendation systems in production that we actively iterate on. At CBC Digital Products, we tackle the hard problems, while applying the very best solutions to serve the needs of Canadians. For more stories on what we have built and how we use Machine Intelligence at CBC, explore our blog posts on Medium.

As our new Machine Learning Developer, you will be responsible for development and deployment of Machine Learning algorithms, uniquely catered to our various product offerings and content areas, and their success metrics. With direct mentorship from senior members of our Machine Learning practice, this is an exciting opportunity to apply your knowledge and grow your hands-on skills using - and building -  the latest tools and technologies. 

If you're passionate about Canada and you love technology, learning and bringing out the best in others, you’ll love working at CBC.


Here’s why we should work together:
Our digital teams’ values - collaboration, learning, and continuous improvement - embody who we are as a people-focused, digital-forward employer. We follow lean startup principles and use an Agile approach. Our dedicated people managers work closely with every individual to ensure we are leveraging their strengths, championing their ideas and supporting their pursuit of new skills and their desired career progression.

Here at CBC Digital Strategy & Products, we want you to be happy and feel good at work.  It is essential that work be a safe space where our employees are able to share their authentic selves with one another and to push each other to challenge conventions. 


Perks you can look forward to:

Flexible work schedules, allowing you to prioritize yourself, your family and your work
Work from home opportunities
Competitive total rewards package
20% of time for innovation, learning and development; wherever your interests lie
Opportunities to work with cutting edge technology
Opportunities for continued learning and professional development
Opportunities to become a member of our Employee Resource Groups
Pair programming and mentorship opportunities, where you can learn from the best in the industry and help coach new talent
A creative and dynamic work environment, where your ideas and contributions can be heard, valued and respected
A supportive management team committed to upholding the highest standards of diversity and inclusivity
An environment which favours experimentation and an iterative approach in order to achieve the highest form of technical innovation
 

 
How you will make an impact:

You will build, Validate, and deploy machine learning solutions that will help us better engage with Canadians.
You will experiment with machine learning algorithms to create personalized experiences uniquely customized for Canadians.
You will help iterate on our machine learning infrastructure to ensure it continues to be robust and scalable.
You will collaborate with individuals, teams and community of practices to ensure the highest quality product is developed and best practices are followed.
You will continuously pursue knowledge through build, measure, learn processes in an Agile environment and stay on top of the latest technology developments.

What you could bring to our team: 

The passion for machine learning and data. You like to experiment and explore bleeding edge technologies and techniques, and validate their effectiveness.You are comfortable with the level of ambiguity these new technologies and projects might bring.
The experience. You have strong software development principles and apply them rigorously. To that end, we will be asking you to complete a timed technical assessment. We want to respect your time, evaluate your skills and ensure you have the knowledge that will enable you to thrive and grow in our environment.
The education. A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or equivalent is preferred, but we know not everyone gains their programming skills this way.
The technical skills. You have strong software development skills in Python and knowledge of machine learning libraries (e.g. Tensorflow). You have an  interest in Big Data technologies, NoSQL, ETL and Google Cloud Platform or AWS. 
The bonus skills. Ideally, you have two years experience in building machine learning models and deploying them into production.
To Apply:
At the CBC, we recognize that not everyone takes the same path when it comes to building their skills. We value diversity of thought and of experience, and we are excited to hear from you! Hands-on experience, intelligence, innovation, a passion for learning, and a team-focused approach can combine to form the best set of qualifications. If you feel you meet most of the qualifications and you are excited by the possibility of adding to the rich culture of the CBC, take a chance and express your interest by applying now!
If you’re interested in reading more about the various backgrounds of the talented people that make up our teams, our exciting new projects, and what we’re currently working on, check out our Digital Labs blog on Medium! 

CBC/Radio-Canada is committed to being a leader in reflecting our country’s diversity. That’s because we can only create and tell the stories that connect Canadians, by having a workforce that mirrors the ever-changing makeup of our country. That’s why we, as an employer, value equal opportunity and nurture an inclusive workplace where our individual differences are not only recognized and valued, but also extend to and pervade all the services we provide as Canada’s public broadcaster. For more information, visit the Diversity and Inclusion section of our website. If you have accommodation needs at this stage of the recruitment process, please inform us as soon as possible by sending an e-mail to recruitment@cbc.ca.

You are invited to consult and familiarize yourself with our Code of Conduct, which can be found on our corporate website. All employees must adhere to the Code as a condition of employment. We also invite you to take a look at our policy on conflicts of interest. In the event that you become an employee, it will be important to inform us, as quickly as possible, of any situation that, because of your hiring, constitutes or could appear to constitute a conflict of interest.

Should you require accommodations during the hiring and/or interview process, please contact medeea.leonte@cbc.ca. 

Skills
you have two years experience in building machine learning models and deploying them into production. To Apply: ETL and Google Cloud Platform or AWS. The bonus skills. Ideally but we know not everyone gains their programming skills this way. The technical skills. You have strong software development skills in Python and knowledge of machine learning libraries (e.g. Tensorflow). You have an interest in Big Data technologies or equivalent is preferred evaluate your skills and ensure you have the knowledge that will enable you to thrive and grow in our environment. The education. A degree in Computer Science we will be asking you to complete a timed technical assessment. We want to respect your time and validate their effectiveness.You are comfortable with the level of ambiguity these new technologies and projects might bring. The experience. You have strong software development principles and apply them rigorously. To that end The passion for machine learning and data. You like to experiment and explore bleeding edge technologies and techniques noSQl Math Engineering







-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning / Data Science Engineer - 110801

At AMD, we push the boundaries of what is possible. We believe in changing the world for the better by driving innovation in high-performance computing, graphics, and visualization technologies – building blocks for gaming, immersive platforms, and the data center.

Developing great technology takes more than talent: it takes amazing people who understand collaboration, respect, and who will go the “extra mile” to achieve unthinkable results. It takes people who have the passion and desire to disrupt the status quo, push boundaries, deliver innovation, and change the world. If you have this type of passion, we invite you to take a look at the opportunities available to come join our team.

Machine Learning / Data Science Engineer

Come help us develop and finetune our product development and engineering pipeline solution that makes sure AMD's platforms crush the competition!

Our team writes large scale infrastructure software and tools using C#, Ruby and C++ for Windows and Linux environments. Our software is utilized during all stages of product development across multiple AMD sites and includes distributed automation processes, web applications and databases to track millions of records generated by thousands of systems. We are constantly adapting our software development processes to manage the challenges we accept.

Join us, if you are passionate about solving problems and working with the latest technologies, both hardware and software! We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our engineering, validation, QA, release management and leadership teams with insights gained from analyzing data generated across the whole product development pipeline. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our products.

Your Key Responsibilities
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive quality
Mine and analyze data from multiple data sources to drive optimization and improvement to product development, validation and release pipeline
Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to datasets
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy
Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance
Preferred Experience and Skills

The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.
Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc.
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Qualifications
Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Must have 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models
Requisition Number: 110801

Country: Canada Province: Ontario City: Markham

Job Function:Design

AMD is an inclusive employer dedicated to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective provincial human rights codes throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. Any applicant who requires accommodation should contact AskHR@amd.com .

AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services.







-----------------------------------------------------------------------


Machine Learning Engineer


The company is looking for a Machine Learning Engineer with 2-5 years of experience. Our machine learning pipelines are primarily built using Python.

The company helps the world make better use of the petabytes of data that the biomedical industry creates. Meaning, we use ML, AI, NLP, big data, to help real doctors, scientists and researchers make better decisions and improve the health of the world.

Job Responsibilities:

As part of a growing team in Toronto, the individual will play a key role in:

- Developing and maintaining machine learning pipelines while working with scientists to solve complex problems

- Ingesting, cleaning, and analyzing datasets

- Productizing and scaling machine learning workflows.

Required Skills:

- Expertise in Python with at least 2 years of working experience.

- Experience with Pytorch/Tensorflow/Jax

- Experience with NLP

- Ability to digest academic literature and to apply insights to projects (e.g. specific topics in NLP like openIE, knowledge graphs, language model pretraining, etc)

- Experience creating ETL pipelines with Python

- Team player with a "can do / will do" attitude

- Superb written and verbal communication skills

We are in the early start-up stage experiencing rapid growth. You would be part of a superior collaborative team and you would be joining us at a pivotal time. You would be personally building apps that are used by our customers and scientists, and there is huge potential to advance your career if you're talented and hard-working. The opportunities are boundless. Join our team today.

The Company:

Powered by its artificial intelligence software platform, the mission is to synthesize the world’s exponentially growing biomedical knowledge. The company is making biomedical knowledge computable and building its AI platform to serve as the connective fabric for various silos of information that exist across health care enterprises.

The company is conveniently located in Downtown Toronto.

Application Deadline: 2021-09-21

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Pay: $80,000.00-$95,000.00 per year

Additional pay:

Bonus pay
Benefits:

Dental care
Extended health care
Flexible schedule
Life insurance
Paid time off
Stock options
Vision care
Work from home
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Our co-working space has a questionnaire and checks when coming into the office. The office has plexiglass and distances seating.

Experience:

Natural Language Processing: 1 year (preferred)
Python: 1 year (preferred)
Work remotely:

Temporarily due to COVID-19








-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Engineer


This is an exciting opportunity to join our client - one of North America's leading retailers, currently experiencing unprecedented demand based on the current circumstances.

This is celebrated (house-hold brand) has a rich history of innovation & community care - they are one of the market leaders in helping all Canadians tackle the challenges we face today by providing perhaps the most critical of all essential services.

This role is to contribute as a Machine Learning Engineer - in a full-time permanent capacity - in their state-of-the-art Innovation Lab located in the heart of downtown. In this role your desire for impact will only be matched by your innate ability to collaborate with other like minded individuals to come up with creative solutions to our client's retail data science problems.The ideal candidate will have strong experience with Python, SQL (and/or similar languages) and Apache Airflow with 2-5 years of experience. We'd love to see your github too!









-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Backend Engineer

Job description

The company is looking for a Backend Engineer with 2-5 years of experience. Our technology stack is primarily made up of Go, C++, and Python, we are open to other skill sets as well.

The company helps the world make better use of the petabytes of data that the biomedical industry creates. Meaning, we use ML, AI, NLP, big data, to help real doctors, scientists and researchers make better decisions and improve the health of the world.

Job Responsibilities:

As a part of a growing team in Toronto, the individual will play a key role in:

- Developing high-quality software optimized for scale and performance

- Developing new features for the core product as well as continue to refine methodologies for the existing features.

- Working hand-in-glove with product management, UX designers, and scientists.

Required Skills:

Must Haves:

- Extensive experience writing production-quality code

- Expert ability to break down complex problems and generate hypotheses on how to solve them

- Ability to take initiative and add value in a fast-paced environment

- Team player with a "can do / will do" attitude

- Superb written and verbal communication

Nice to Haves:

- Expertise with neural networks/deep learning

- Experience with NLP

- Expertise in unsupervised machine learning methods.

We are in the early start-up stage experiencing rapid growth. You would be part of a superior collaborative team and you would be joining us at a pivotal time. You would be personally building apps that are used by our customers and scientists, and there is huge potential to advance your career if you're talented and hard-working. The opportunities are boundless. Join our team today.

The Company:

Powered by its artificial intelligence software platform, the mission is to synthesize the world’s exponentially growing biomedical knowledge. The company is making biomedical knowledge computable and building its AI platform to serve as the connective fabric for various silos of information that exist across health care enterprises.*

The company is conveniently located in Downtown Toronto, near King and Spadina intersection.

Application Deadline: 2021-09-21

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Pay: $80,000.00-$95,000.00 per year

Additional pay:

Bonus pay
Benefits:

Dental care
Extended health care
Flexible schedule
Life insurance
Paid time off
Stock options
Vision care
Work from home
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Our co-working space has a questionnaire and checks when coming into the office. The office has plexiglass and distances seating.

Experience:

C++: 1 year (preferred)
Python: 1 year (preferred)
Work remotely:

Temporarily due to COVID-19








-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Software Engineer

Software Engineer

OUR PHILOSOPHY AND EXPERIENCE

At Skynet, we are developing the next generation of intelligent systems for use in insurance. At the moment, we are already applying our in-house algorithms to thousands of insurance quotes every day, helping to better understand, model and price risk. In the past few months, our team has been hard at work implementing a policy management system that is sophisticated enough to keep up with this volume.

Our risk modelling and policy management platforms are both written in Python. We take pride in developing the most advanced operating platforms including integration within the workflow of our clients. In the next few years, we will be rapidly growing and to this end we are looking to bring you onboard.

Skynet has re-structured and re-engineered nearly every facet of how core insurance systems should work.

The following three main objectives lie at our core:

· Highly Automated - System minimizes human intervention. Everything from quoting policy prices, issuing / renewing / modifying / cancelling policies, interacting with third parties (such as customers, brokers, contractors) will be automated.

· Risk Focused - Use data driven statistical models and process driven physical models to price and manage risk in real time.

· Pythonic - We believe Python is the only coding language that is simple, elegant and powerful enough to build a sophisticated world class system.

Skynet’s systems are being developed in collaboration with MAX Insurance, a well-established, progressive Property & Casualty Insurance company providing Home Insurance throughout five Canadian provinces, with offices in Kitchener, Ontario.

JOB DESCRIPTION

Skynet employs a high calibre team of scientists, engineers and systems developers, and is looking to add a smart software engineer to help design, manage and optimize its growing systems.

In this role, you will need to be agile and contribute to projects critical for the team to succeed:

Collaborate with other companies to develop and implement automated solutions to optimize transactional operations.
Have courage to suggest improvements to existing infrastructure and follow through with re-engineering system components.
Design and develop system components and integrate software packages and APIs on multiple platforms.
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise.
Work with other team members to integrate improvements & efficiencies into the software.
REQUIREMENTS - EDUCATIONAL

Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or related STEM disciplines.
1+ years of relevant work experience is an asset.
REQUIREMENTS - SKILLSET

AWS. You have extensive experience with deploying and managing core infrastructure on the AWS cloud. Your primary concern on the day-to-day is to ensure these systems work flawlessly.
Linux. Our production systems run on Linux. You need to be confident at initializing, operating, maintaining and troubleshooting these machines.
Python. The vast majority of our code base is in Python. You must know Python, and not as a simple recreational tool that you have experimented with. Experience with ZMQ is a major asset.
MongoDB. We are a NoSQL shop. You will be involved in the daily operations of these databases.
APIs. Experience with a variety of protocols (REST, webhook, …) is an asset.
WHAT YOU WILL LEARN FROM US

System Engineering: The unique opportunity to administer a rapidly growing platform. The design, deployment and integration of a complete scientific software engineering project to run an entire insurance company.
The Insurance Business: Policies/coverages/claims, policy management system, risk analysis, advanced modelling, all core systems to run an insurance company.
Risk modelling: Catastrophes, probabilistic risk analysis, application of machine learning to the insurance world, including the redevelopment of most actuarial scientific methods.
Become a World Class Talent: You will work with Actuaries, Catastrophe Modeling experts, ML/DL specialists, and Software/Systems Engineers, and many leaders in the industry. Depending on your skills, aptitude and leadership capabilities you will build a team or advance to executive roles.
Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Additional pay:

Bonus pay
Benefits:

Casual dress
Dental care
Disability insurance
Extended health care
Life insurance
On-site parking
Paid time off
Vision care
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Education:

Bachelor's Degree (required)
Experience:

relevant work: 1 year (required)
Work remotely:

Temporarily due to COVID-19








-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Computer Vision / Deep Learning Scientist / Machine Learning Engineer


Company description

We’re a dedicated team, passionate about creating Artificial Intelligence, focused on Computer Vision, Machine Learning, and Drone and Smart Device Generated Data. We focus on a single problem: AI requires data that is labeled and trained accurately, but every organization has different AI requirements. Therefore, we enable our Users to become individual AI creators for their specific organizations. We’ve created the Qii.AI platform to label, train, manage, and leverage visual and thermal data. Qii.AI is a vertically focused platform to support visual asset inspections across Energy sectors.

Job description

We are looking for computer vision and deep learning scientists to develop new cloud-based applications for Qii.AI.

1. Job Title : Computer Vision / Deep Learning Scientist / Machine Learning Engineer

2. Job summary

· Job type: Scientist or Engineer

· Seniority level: Mid-Senior level

· Employment type: Full-time

Qii.Ai's R&D team is seeking experienced computer vision and deep learning scientists who are creative, flexible and eager to solve various computer vision problems.

3. Responsibilities

· Develop cutting-edge deep learning-based computer vision technology with a focus on instance detection, classification, interactive instance segmentation, multi-modal alignment and localization

· Develop various cloud-based deep learning pipelines including few-shot learning, continuous learning and active learning as well as conventional supervised or unsupervised learning

· Improve photogrammetric mapping qualities such as 3D point cloud and mesh model

· Apply machine learning technology to various computer vision tasks with a focus on point-to-point registration, multi-temporal change detection, anomaly detection

· Improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various deployed computer vision modules

· Perform proper experiments to quantify and validate developed computer vision products

· Analyze and optimize computer vision algorithm performance

· Provide a full support for urgent technical issues

· Prepare technical documentation

4. Minimum Qualifications

· Strong background in computer vision and machine learning or related field

· 3+ years experience of programming skills with C/C++ and/or Python

· Preferably experiences with OpenCV, PCL (Point Cloud Library), or similar open sources

· Experience with machine learning platform packages such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, Caffe, etc.

· Good communication (presentation) skills to smoothly collaborate with team members

5. Preferred skills

· MS/Ph.D degree in Computer Vision, Machine Learning or related field

· 5+ years experience of programming skills with C/C++, C#, and Python

· Understanding of photogrammetry, applied mathematics, and numerical optimization

· Experience training deep CNNs

· Experience on tuning machine learning architectures to be deployed in practical systems

· Publication records in prestigious computer vision and machine learning conferences and/or journals

6. Applications

· Resume

· Best examples you developed (publication, video, software, etc.)

Expected start date: 2021-11-01

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Salary: $49,127.00-$129,854.00 per year

Benefits:

Casual dress
Company events
Dental care
Disability insurance
Extended health care
Flexible schedule
Life insurance
On-site parking
Stock options
Work from home
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Work remotely:

Yes








-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Staff Machine Learning Engineer, Shopping Discovery

About Pinterest:

Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. It's where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, you'll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. You'll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.

Shopping is at the core of Pinterest’s mission to help people create a life they love. The shopping discovery team at Pinterest is inventing a brand new, more visual and personalized shopping experience for 350M+ users worldwide. The team is responsible for delivering mid-funnel shopping experience on shopping surfaces like Product Detail Page, Shopping Search, Shopping on Board etc. As an engineer of the team you will be working on the most cutting edge recommendation algorithms to develop diverse types of shopping recommendations that will be displayed across different shopping surfaces on Pinterest.

You’ll also be responsible for optimizing the whole page layout by appropriately selecting and slotting the UI templates and recommendation modules optimizing towards a shopping metric. As an engineer of the team you’ll be running experiments and directly improving the shopping metrics contributing to the bottom line of the company.

If you are excited about large scale machine learning problems in the area of recommendation, search and whole page optimization then you must consider this role

What you'll do:

Develop large scale shopping recommendation algorithms
Build data pipelines to do data analysis and collect training data
Train deep learning models to improve quality and engagement of shopping recommenders
Work on backend and infrastructure to build, deploy and serve machine learning models
Develop algorithms to optimize the whole page layout of the shopping surfaces
Drive the roadmap for next generation of shopping recommenders
What we're looking for:

6+ years working experience in the area of applied Machine Learning
Interest or experience working on a large-scale search, recommendation and ranking problems
Interest and experience in doing full stack ML, including backend and ML infrastructure
Experience is any of the following areas
Developing large scale recommender systems
Contextual bandit algorithms
Reinforcement learning
#LI-JY1


Not Specified
0









-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Engineer, AI Machine Learning and Computer Vision

Hey, Nice to Meet You!

We are Mayk Ideas - growth advisors and marketing creatives! Ingenuity without boundaries is at the heart of every strategy we envision and execute. We craft people-oriented, brand-building campaigns and business transformations that are intentional and value-driven. Our creative and venture acceleration services lead to measurable return on investment for the firms and brands we work with, as they are informed by data-driven strategies, good business sense, and meaningful connections. Our portfolio of clients include professional and financial services, sports and entertainment, technology, automotive and other B2B brands. Our clients are growing and so are we!

Who are we looking for?

We are looking for an Engineer, AI Machine Learning and Computer Vision with a focus on planning, implementing and operating a secure data infrastructure and architecture. Reporting to the CIO and working with data, technology and creatives, you will dive into data, to develop a contextual intelligence platform that scans images and text for evaluating content.

What you’ll do:

Analyze: Gather business requirements and access data to understand needs which may include development of business process maps, user stories/cases or scope/statement work documents to develop and refine solution definition for description, prediction, prescription, manipulation of data both structured and unstructured.
Architect and develop: Construct, employ, test, and maintain architectures that support the requirements of the business and develop the processes for data modelling, mining and production.
Access and prepare: Develop and translate the business analysis/data to formulate and define the system scope and objectives (solution definition), project plan, team and product solution (architecture and design) for defined projects and delivery of progress reports.
Develop and leverage: Write programs and develop algorithms to extract meaningful information from large data - images, client services stored in current systems /various data stores. Test and demonstrate data, design and solution including gaps analysis, documentation of test cases and feedback to appropriate team members relating to QA.
Communicate and collaborate: Operate as a liaison between technical personnel and the business-users, conducting research and sophisticated analytics programs, ML and statistical methods to answer business questions and tell stories to key stakeholders based on analytics.
It's all about you:

For the role you will have to be:

Committed: Have an unwavering focus and diligence to exceed goals knowing that your passion, expertise, and capability will lead to team, firm, and client accomplishment.
Communicative: Open and meaningful engagement allows our team to leverage the power of expression in any environment and situation.
Creative: Brings to life more than the idea but the momentum and beneficial impact no matter what the design, or roadmap - disruption with intention.
Connected: Build and maintain relationships - internal and external as it is critical to understanding the needs, desires and ambitions our team and the greater world.
Collaborative: The road to shared success combines the energy, ideas, and execution of many - architecting value and building lasting impact through teamwork.
Your Superpowers:

Given your background and work experience you are brave and delve into innovating for internal and client-side requirements. You have the ability and desire to thrive and excel in a fast paced, rapid growth environment.

Education: You have a degree in Engineering, or quantitative discipline (e.g., Computer Science, Mathematics with a focus on Statistics and Data Analytics, Algorithmic Physics, or related field etc.)

Experience: You have more than 5 years (preferred) of work experience building and deploying large-scale machine learning models with feedback loops for continuous improvement and building performant, distributed training and inference pipelines on large datasets

Technical: You are able to develop and prototype new Machine Learning techniques and run experiments to systematically improve model accuracy. You have a strong proficiency in common programming languages (e.g., Python, R, Java) and open-source libraries/tools (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, OpenCV, Caffe, Yolo, distributed training / inference with Spark) in the ML toolkit. You are comfortable with full-stack/ backend development code to build a strong understanding of underlying data structures and other dependencies.

Extras that will give you an edge:

Strong grasp of computer vision and machine learning techniques like CNN, GAN, image processing
Experience building, deploying, and optimizing ML models on the edge
Preferred: Experience building computer vision features
Ability to convert academic ideas into practical solutions for real-world deployment
2+ years of experience in computer vision; especially in marketing (advertising, publishing, sports) or professional services
Experience with cloud environments
Why you’ll love working here:

Join us and help create a bright future for brands and businesses

We are engaged, resourceful and we always find a way to support growth initiatives of companies through important milestones. Every member of the team has mental agility with the ability to juggle multiple projects/initiatives simultaneously.
We use communication and tech to level the playing field. Technology and data connect people and brands from all over, building thriving businesses with entrepreneurial partners.
We build campaigns and connections our customers love: Everything we do is ultimately in the service of helping our customers grow their business because our goal is to help them not only grow their pieces of the pie – but enlarge the pie. And to do that these businesses need ideas, talent, brand and infrastructure.
We are curious and creative: We always find a way to get things done and come up with creative solutions to whatever problems are standing in our way. We lead with creativity in our decision making and reason.
We value candidates that bring a range of experience from different industries and a variety of creative influences. If you're special and can bring first-hand experience and empathy for the growth journey, tell us your story! Even if you (or your team) don’t fit all the desired requirements.

Let’s Get this Started!

Please submit a cover letter, copy of your resume and/or a short video pitch. The link to your video (approx. 1-5 min) and your portfolio should be included in your resume or cover letter.

Why are you the right person for the role? In cover letter and/or video this is what we are expecting:

Two or three sentence summary about your academic and/or professional background.
Specific accomplishments from your background that explains how you fit with our candidate description above.
Tell us about a special project you worked on and what your biggest accomplishment was.
Which, if any, Microsoft certifications do you have?
Do you wish to be considered for full-time permanent and/or contract employment?
Please remember to submit your resume, link to your portfolio, cover letter/video pitch and include answers to the questions above. There is no word limit for your letter, but we’d prefer that you limit your answers to one page. Use the following format as the subject line for your submission "[Your Name] – [Role Title] Application".

We look forward to meeting you!

If you do not meet 100% of the above qualifications, but still think you would be a great fit for the role, we encourage you to apply! We will consider all candidates with relevant skill sets for this role, even if there are certain requirements they do not meet.

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent

Benefits:

Extended health care
Paid time off
RRSP match
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Education:

Bachelor's Degree (required)
Experience:

Machine learning: 4 years (required)
Computer Vision: 2 years (required)
Work remotely:

Temporarily due to COVID-19







-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Engineer, Shopping Discovery

About Pinterest:

Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. It's where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, you'll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. You'll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.

What is this team about?

Shopping is at the core of Pinterest's mission to help people create a life they love. Pinterest has the unique advantage to build the world's most inspirational, visual and personalized shopping experience for its 450M+ users worldwide. The shopping discovery team is in charge of helping Pinners to discover the most relevant products that they will love. The team works on shopping content recommendations and distribution on various surfaces e.g. product detail page, search, home feed, board etc.

As an engineer of the team you will be working on the most cutting edge ML technologies in the area of recommender systems, embedding based candidate retrieval, personalization, whole page optimization, bandit algorithms, reinforcement learning etc. You'll be running experiments and directly improving the shopping metrics contributing to the bottom line of the company. If you are excited about large scale machine learning problems in the area of recommendation, search and whole page optimization then you must consider this role.

What will this person do?

Develop large scale shopping recommendation algorithms
Build data pipelines to do data analysis and collect training data
Train deep learning models to improve quality and engagement of shopping recommenders
Work on backend and infrastructure to build, deploy and serve machine learning models
Develop ML algorithms to balance different objectives and model long term values
Drive the roadmap for next generation of shopping recommenders
What type of experience do they NEED to have?

3+ years working experience in the area of applied Machine Learning
Interest or experience working on a large-scale search, recommendation and ranking problems
Interest and experience in doing full stack ML, including backend and ML infrastructure
Experience with big data technologies MapReduce/Hadoop/Hive/Presto/Spark
Expert in Java, C++ or Python
What skills are ideal but not required?

Ph.D. in an area of Machine Learning
Experience with large scale Whole page Optimization, Search or Recommendation algorithms
Domain expertise in Shopping
What makes this role special/exciting?

Shopping is cross-cutting, touches all aspects of Pinterest, so a wide variety of ML problems
Largely green-field so lots of opportunity
Huge impact - shopping is one of the major expansion areas for Pinterest
#LI-NM1


Not Specified
0







-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Scientist

We’re Ada. We’re an ambitious global team that enables businesses around the world to provide incredible customer experience. Our AI-powered platform has automated over 1 billion customer interactions for some notable enterprises, including Zoom, Facebook and Shopify. We recently raised Series C funding of $130M by Spark Capital (early investors of Twitter, Slack, Snapchat), and we're officially a Canadian unicorn with a $1.2B valuation!

You can learn more about the founding of our company here. Just as the field of machine learning continues to advance, so do we. And it is the passion of our people and dedication to our craft that continues to drive our dramatic growth.

We are inspired every day by the opportunity to pioneer a new industry, and welcome those who want to join us.

As a Machine Learning Scientist on our ML team, you will design, experiment, and deploy data science solutions that will be integrated into Ada’s product. You will work closely with Product Designers, Engineers and other ML Scientists to create delightful and impactful experiences for millions of customers.

We're looking for someone who is passionate about data science and about contributing to a world class chat automation platform. You will be expected to develop product features involving ML, and will be responsible for writing data pipelines, modelling and experimentation, all the way through to deployment. You will be given the opportunity to contribute to improving the data science, and ML engineering practices on the team.
About You
1-3 years (or equivalent) experience as a Data Scientist/Machine Learning Developer/Engineer
Strong understanding of ML. Preferably worked on NLP problems before but not required
Experienced in designing and tracking efficient and thorough data science experiments
Skilled in Python and Pytorch
Strong software and data engineering practices
Outcomes
Help contribute improvements and maintenance for Ada’s underlying ML technologies
Execute on our ambitious Machine Learning product roadmap through the implementation of features
Review the team’s code and experiments, seek and provide feedback, and improve your understanding of the field
Help identify areas of opportunity and innovation within our product
#LI-FT

About Us

Ada is a rapidly growing digital first company in a thriving AI ecosystem. We optimize our communication, collaboration and generally, the way we work for the digital world instead of in-person. With flexible working hours, together we'll determine a schedule that fits your style and the requirements of your role.

We are backed by world-class investors, including Spark, Accel, FirstMark, Bessemer Venture Partners and Version One. We provide our employees with competitive compensation, great health benefits, and ownership in our company. Our work is rooted in authenticity, courage, empathy, and simplicity. We use these values to create a culture that encourages groundbreaking results, career progression, and community investment.

Ada is an equal opportunity employer. In fact, diversity is what drives our success – it’s at the core of how we hire, communicate, and work. Like our Platform, we are inclusive to all, and combine our diverse backgrounds, skill sets and thinking to build the best experiences for our clients and their customers.









-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Engineer (All levels)

About Us
Deep Genomics is a Toronto-based startup company that is building an AI-powered discovery and development platform to significantly expand the universe of medicines available for genetically defined diseases. Founded in 2015, Deep Genomics brings together a multidisciplinary team of world-leading experts in machine learning, genomics, chemistry, and biology. Together we are on a mission to rapidly discover and develop oligonucleotide drugs for the treatment of patients with severe disorders of the liver, central nervous system, and eye.

Ideal Candidate
Our predictive systems group brings together world-leading experts in biology, genomics, medicine, and machine learning. We are working on several ambitious projects to develop pioneering AI technology for understanding complex genetic diseases and enabling the discovery of novel targets as well as therapies. We are looking for an experienced machine learning engineer to lead the design and development of new models and pipelines and the infrastructure for scaling it up to the next level.
What You’ll Be Doing:
Working with our ML scientists to develop highly scalable models and algorithms for predicting molecular phenotypes using state-of-the-art neural network methodologies.
Developing evaluation, visualization, and productivity tools for streamlining machine learning research
Adapting our algorithms and architectures to best exploit modern cloud computing environments
Working with our software engineers, biologists and geneticists to operationalize and deploy research output to match the needs of stakeholders.
What You Bring:
Solid Engineering and Computer Science fundamentals, ideally with a degree in CS, Math, or equivalent experience.
Senior candidates should have experience in architecting, developing, and deploying large software systems in a leading position
Experience in building, testing, training, and deploying production-ready ML workflows.
Experience developing machine learning algorithms or machine learning infrastructure in Python or C/C++.
Experience with frameworks like PyTorch, Caffe2, Tensorflow, Keras, JAX, Chainer, etc.
Experience in the operationalization of Machine Learning projects (MLOps) using at least one of the popular frameworks or platforms (e.g. Kubeflow, AWS Sagemaker, Google AI Platform, Azure Machine Learning).
What we offer:
Leading role in developing the future of drug development to cure genetically defined diseases.
A highly competitive salary and meaningful equity compensation.
Exceptional opportunities for learning and growth.
A bright, collegial, highly motivated team working at the intersection of the most exciting areas of science and technology.
Deep Genomics thanks all applicants, however only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Deep Genomics welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.










-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Computer Vision/Machine Learning Engineer - 113051

What you do at AMD changes everything
At AMD, we push the boundaries of what is possible. We believe in changing the world for the better by driving innovation in high-performance computing, graphics, and visualization technologies – building blocks for gaming, immersive platforms, and the data center.
Developing great technology takes more than talent: it takes amazing people who understand collaboration, respect, and who will go the “extra mile” to achieve unthinkable results. It takes people who have the passion and desire to disrupt the status quo, push boundaries, deliver innovation, and change the world. If you have this type of passion, we invite you to take a look at the opportunities available to come join our team.


Compter Vision and Machine Learning Engineer


THE ROLE:

The Advanced Technologies Group is looking for a software engineer who will help us build Computer Vision and Machine Learning solution for intelligent consumer devices. In this highly visible role, you’ll work with other engineers building the next-generation intelligent mobile SW platforms and features. As a hands-on engineer, you’ll work closely with FW/SW/Application team on driving future requirements on computer vision/ machine learning applications, prototype them in C++/Python, and work with HW design teams for implementation as well as FW/SW/APP.


Key Responsibilities:

Conduct research and development to build CV/ML and deep learning algorithm application.
Apply performance optimizations to CV/ML and deep learning algorithm solutions to keep them within the required accuracy, efficiency, and other tolerances on different processing devices.

The Person:

Knowledge in deep learning algorithms.
Familiarity in computer vision algorithms, such as classification, object detection, recognition, segmentation.
Experience with AI frameworks, e.g., Pytorch, Tensorflow, ONNX.
Good understanding of fundamental data structures and algorithms.
Demonstrated programming skills in C++/C and Python.
Quick learner and creative minds in building deep learning applications.
Good communication skills and documentation skills.

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:

Development experience in embedded systems.
Understanding the system implications of algorithms in terms of performance and power consumption.

Academic Credentials:

Must have a Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Eng., Software Eng., Electrical Eng., Mechatronic Eng. or equivalent.

LOCATION:

Markham, Ontario


#LI-MK2



Requisition Number: 113051
Country: Canada Province: Ontario City: Markham
Job Function:Design


AMD is an inclusive employer dedicated to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective provincial human rights codes throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. Any applicant who requires accommodation should contact AskHR@amd.com.

AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services.











-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Engineer

About the role:

We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer who will be responsible for the development of algorithms, which will form the basis for our mathematical models to automate trading platforms for sports betting markets. The candidate must have a strong background in Machine Learning, Statistics and Algorithm Development experience.

Our ideal candidate should have:

Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computational Statistics or equivalent degree or experience. MS or PHD in Computer Science, specializing in Machine Learning is desirable.
Minimum 3 years of relevant experience with statistical computing in R or Python. (Experience with modern R packages and technologies such as dplyr, tidyR, data.table, shinyR preferred).
Minimum 3 years of experience with Machine Learning algorithms and Probabilistic Modelling.
Strong background in statistics, preferably Bayesian Statistics — experience with Bayesian Inference using Statistical Languages for MCMC such as Stan, JAGS, WinBugs is a big plus.
Experience with SQL and SQL Server.
Experience with .NET Framework and C# is preferable.
Experience using cloud computing platforms such as EC2 (AWS).
Domain experience in on-line gaming and entertainment industry, Financial Markets (such as Stock Exchange, Options, Bonds, Forex, etc.), or other types of 2-sided markets.
Experience with Neural Networks or Deep Learning on large problems – a plus.
Experience with Hadoop, Map Reduce or High Performance Computing – a plus.
We offer:

An environment passionate about growth and learning
Competitive salary with bonus
Fitness subsidy program
Free beverages in the office
Workplace that is conveniently located along the Yonge/Sheppard line
What we are looking for:

This is a key role within the team and would suit someone who is passionate about working with data and building predictive models. We are looking for someone with strong background in statistics, modelling and algorithms (machine learning or other) and who has the ability to convey complex information through data visualization. Strong communication in both verbal and written is required. We are also looking for someone with strong analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities with attention to detail, has ability to multi-task, and manage multiple assignments in a fast-paced environment. This individual must have initiative to work independently, but also able to work effectively with team members in different locations. Flexibility and adaptability to business requirements and priority changes a must. A thorough understanding and passion for sports and sports betting markets is ideal. Experience working with dual markets is a preferred. Experience with cloud computing as well as python a plus. Experience with development highly preferred.

The above is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. For a full description, please contact us directly.

Crescendo Technology thanks all candidates applying but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Selected candidates may be asked to complete an on-line technical assessment.

Crescendo Technology is an equal opportunity employer, which values diversity in the workplace, and we encourage candidates. Should you require an accommodation for the recruitment or interview process, please do not hesitate to reach out to us.

If interested, please apply through the portal:

Apply
Job Features
Job Category
Development








-----------------------------------------------------------------------


Machine Learning Engineer

Overview:

Ignition Tax is a team of full-stack developers, project managers, and technology trailblazers who pride themselves on creativity and innovation. Tasked with leading KPMG Canada and our clients through digital transformation, Ignition Tax is focused on tax innovation to unlock value and prepare our clients for the future. KPMG Ignition Tax helps organizations realize opportunities through our far-reaching intelligence capabilities that allow for the development of modern software solutions.
In a fast-paced, experimental environment, our team collaborates with strategic partners and tax leaders across Canada to build next-generation solutions. By fostering a startup culture within a welcoming nurturing environment and support of KPMG's world-class firm, Ignition Tax approaches each project with a unique perspective, a multitude of complementary skill sets, and expertise that allow them to build technology solutions that shape the future of tax.

Videos :
EN – https://players.brightcove.net/3755095886001/default_default/index.html?videoId=6258238495001

Why join Ignition Tax
Competitive compensation package & flexible work arrangements
Commitment to learning and development
An opportunity to solve real problems by building products from the ground up
You love working collaboratively with like-minded entrepreneurs
Thrive in a "start-up culture" vibe
Ignition Tax is looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to help us extract value from our clients’ data. You will design and build tools through experimentation and collaboration with our product owners and managers and development team.
What you will do:

Research, design & develop Machine Learning models
Suggest, collect and synthesize requirements and create effective features
Research and implement appropriate ML algorithms and tools
Develop machine learning applications, select appropriate datasets and data representation methods
Run machine learning tests and experiments and perform statistical analysis and fine-tuning using test results
Train and retrain systems when necessary
Extend existing ML libraries and frameworks
Automate applications and infrastructure deployments.
What you bring to this role:

3+ years of experience implementing and deploying Machine Learning solutions using various models, such as Linear/Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machines, (Deep) Neural Networks, Hidden Markov Models, Conditional Random Fields, Topic Modeling, Game Theory, Mechanism Design
Background in statistical analysis & modeling distributions, hypothesis testing, probability theory
Experience with statistical packages and ML libraries e.g. R, Python scikit learn, Spark MLlib
Effective data exploration and visualization abilities e.g. Excel, Power BI, Tableau, Qlik, etc.
Developing and debugging expertise in C#, Scala, Python, and or R
Exposure to AI / ML and data pipeline building
Preferred Qualifications:
Familiarity with relational and NoSQL databases; big data frameworks (Hadoop or Spark) and or cloud infrastructures
Stream processing frameworks such as Stream Analytics, Kinesis Data Streams, and Kafka Streams
Experience with managed machine learning platforms such as Azure Machine Learning
Our Values, The KPMG Way:
Integrity, we do what is right | Excellence, we never stop learning and improving | Courage, we think and act boldly | Together, we respect each other and draw strength from our differences | For Better, we do what matters

KPMG in Canada is a proud equal opportunities employer and we are committed to creating a respectful, inclusive and barrier-free workplace that allows all of our people to reach their full potential. A diverse workforce is key to our success and we believe in bringing your whole self to work. We welcome all qualified candidates to apply and hope you will choose KPMG in Canada as your employer of choice.

For general recruitment-related inquiries, please contact the HR Delivery Centre at cafmcdnhrsthotline@kpmg.ca.

If you have a question about accessible employment at KPMG, or to begin a confidential conversation about your individual accessibility or accommodation needs through the recruitment process, we encourage you to contact us at cafmcdnhrsthotline@kpmg.ca or phone: 416-777-8002 or toll free 1-888-466-4778.






-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Engineer

Profile

The machine learning engineer designs, develops and deploys machine learning solutions to meet enterprise goals and support experimentation and innovation. The engineer collaborates with developers and data scientists to identify innovative machine learning solutions that leverage data to meet business goals. The machine learning engineer ensures infrastructure and data pipelines are structured to deploy machine learning solutions.


Key Responsibilities

Understands and translates business and functional needs into machine learning problem statements
Translates complex machine learning problem statements into specific deliverables and requirements
Designs and develops scalable solutions that leverage machine learning and deep learning models to meet enterprise requirements
Works closely with data scientists and data engineers to develop machine learning algorithms
Works closely with UX designers and product teams to improve the product user experience
Translates machine learning algorithms into production-level code
Collaborates with development teams to test and deploy machine learning models
Creates metrics to continuously evaluate the performance of machine learning solutions
Maintains and improves the performance of existing machine learning solutions
Ensures adherence to performance standards and compliance to data security requirements
Keeps abreast with new tools, algorithms and techniques in machine learning and works to implement them in the organization

Skills

Proficiency in machine learning algorithms such as multi-class classifications, decision trees, support vector machines and deep learning
Strong understanding of probability and statistical models (generative and descriptive models)
Advanced programming skills with C/C++, Python, Java or R
Ability to run experiments scientifically and analyze results
Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts and results to technical and business audiences in a comprehensive manner
Ability to collaborate effectively across multiple teams and stakeholders, including analytics teams, development teams, product management and operations


Experience

More than two years of experience in developing and deploying enterprise-scale machine learning solutions.
Experience training and deploying models using cloud-based infrastructure.
Experience with Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services is desirable.
Experience with microservices architecture, Docker and Kubernetes is desirable

Education Requirements

Bachelor's degree in data science, applied mathematics, computer science or otherwise research-based field; Master’s degree preferred









-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Senior Data Engineer [5y Experience Required]

We currently have a full-time, permanent opportunity for:

Senior Data Engineer

Job Description

We're looking for a Senior Data Engineer to design and develop data processing platforms and frameworks for Data Science, Engineering and Machine Learning, with a growth opportunity to advance to the head of data engineering. You will provide technical leadership to the team and guide the team in making technical decisions and developing solutions that meets good data processing standards.

What will you do?

In this role, you will be building and leading a team of data engineers to own the development and delivery of our data pipelines, products, and solutions. You will participate in various stages of the product development lifecycle, including requirements elaboration, technical design, and development, as well as quality assurance and testing. You are expected to equally distribute your time between hands-on development and deployment activities, technical enablement of your team, as well as project planning and administrative activities. You will work closely with the VP of Data, CTO, and lead application engineers to meet outcomes for Data Science, Engineering and Machine Learning.

The day-to-day:

· Oversee, design, and develop real-time and batch processing data frameworks.

· Identifying and reducing technical debt by contributing solutions and building business value arguments

· Liaison, coordinate, plan, and prioritize projects between Machine Learning and Data Science, and Backend teams

· Planning and estimating features in the roadmap to determine the next sprint goals

· Designing architectural improvements to an event-driven microservice architecture

· Writing and designing automated unit and integration test strategies

· Developing and enhancing continuous integration and continuous delivery pipelines for the team

· Mentoring Junior and Intermediate engineers

· Performing code reviews and providing constructive feedback for other team members

Must Haves:

· Bachelor's degree in computer science/Engineering (or equivalent)

· 5+ years of software/data engineering experience

· Proficiency and in-depth understanding of best practices pertaining to the design and development of Data & Analytics products and solutions.

· Demonstrated experience in Micro-service Architecture, Data Integration Design, Message Queues (RabbitMQ/ActiveMQ), Data Streaming (Apache Kafka, Azure Event Hubs), In-memory & distributed caching and Data Architecture

· Proficient in writing streaming applications and integration services

· Strong understanding of data storage principles, data formats (Avro, Parquet, Delta), writing ELTs for batch pipelines (Spark, Airflow, Prefect etc.), and ingestion frameworks (Meltano, Airbyte, etc)

· Strong suite of skills in software development with focus on code refactoring, design patterns, design-driven development, CI/CD and highly scalable applications. Strong skills working with frameworks written in Java, Python, Scala, Docker, and Kubernetes

· Proven experience in providing technical leadership and mentoring other engineers for best practices on data engineering

· Excellent verbal and written communication skills; able to capture and convey information to a variety of audiences through documentation or presentations.

· High growth expectations for yourself and your team, and a willingness to push yourself and your team to achieve them.

The Preferred Qualifications:

· Effective communication skills and experience with project management tools to foster a healthy, productive, and thriving team environment

· Previous experience working with machine learning teams in the NLP domain (BERT models, Huggingface, etc.)

· Knowledge/experience with MLOps paradigms and tools (Kubeflow, MLFlow, AzureML, Seldon, etc.)

· Knowledge/experience in working with graph data, graph databases (Neo4j, OrientDB, Azure Cosmos, etc.), and graph processing frameworks

· Demonstrate drive for self-development and continuous learning

· Previous experience building cloud first engineering systems (Azure)

· Knowledge/experience in designing systems for Data-centric + Model-centric AI development

· Experience with large scale data migration and data platform modernization projects.

· Azure and/or Databricks Certification.

Some reasons our team loves working here:

· We emphasize a highly collaborative environment. Everyone builds things and collaborates across departments. The best solution can come from anywhere or anyone

· We’re fierce defenders of a healthy work-life balance

· Respect, trust, and honesty. Personal and professional maturity is important to us, and we keep each other honest

· We pay competitive salaries and have flexible vacation

· We provide great benefits: drug, dental, vision, life

· We have an amazing team that will be eager to help you succeed in your role and grow and develop in your career

· We are a rapidly growing company with many opportunities for growth

· Global advisory board consisting of some of the most experienced food safety, finance, data, and engineering professionals in the world

· We trust ourselves and our team to do what’s right. We empower each other and don’t micromanage

About Us:

Provision has built a software platform to drive safety, quality, compliance, and analytics in the food supply chain. We are an innovative company driving change in the world’s most important industry, food. We have a dedicated focus on Food Safety, Quality, Compliance and Analytics within the food value chain. Our goal is to provide a single, unified location for aggregate food supply chain information. The solution minimizes the overhead of regulatory compliance through digital data capture, workflow management, and production reporting; this immediate focus allows for growing analytical capability through the application of machine learning and artificial intelligence. Provision Analytics aims to work in conjunction with industry partners to provide a cohesive and collaborative approach to creating transparency in the food value chain, while generating incentive and upside for everyone.

We appreciate your interest in working with us; however, only those applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.

Job Types: Full-time, Permanent

Salary: $100,000.00-$150,000.00 per year

Education:

Bachelor's Degree (preferred)
Experience:

Data Engineering: 5 years (required)
Software Engineering: 5 years (preferred)








-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Sr Machine Learning Product Engineer (Layer 6)

TD Description

Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward.

Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us.

Department Overview

Layer 6 is a leading Canadian machine learning applied research company, a fully owned subsidiary of TD Bank Group. Layer 6 develops advanced machine learning and deep learning systems that have the power to uplift large populations while advancing the field of artificial intelligence. Our research is supported by access to massive datasets, close collaboration with world renowned academic faculty, and a uniquely scalable machine learning platform.

Our technical capabilities have been publicly recognized through a number of wins in various international machine learning competitions, including the prestigious ACM RecSys Challenge (the only repeat winner in 2017 and 2018 and runner-up in 2019), Google’s Landmark Retrieval Challenge (2nd place in 2018, 3rd place in 2019), the Stanford Question Answering Dataset (2nd place in 2019), 3rd YouTube-8M Video Understanding Challenge (winner in 2019) and Open Images 2019 - Visual Relationship (winner in 2019).


Job Description

About the job

The Machine Learning Product Engineer team at Layer 6 focuses on building industry-leading data-centric systems and model delivery systems. Our solutions include data pipelines, feature data lake, systemic data validation and automation of key activities in model delivery including model validation, shakedown, inference, and maintenance.

We are looking for experienced Senior Machine Learning Product Engineers (Engineering Lead) who have worked under tight deadlines and guided teams towards successful deliveries. The ideal candidate is a master of coding and system design with track record of technical leadership. They also are experts in data engineering and/or machine learning.

The candidate will be the go-to person for data and model delivery. They will lead and coordinate efforts of members on the MLPE team to ensure best engineering practice in our systems. The candidate will interact with machine learning scientists, the infrastructure team and data sources team to develop systems that will satisfy the needs of machine learning projects.

What are your main responsibilities?

Lead the design and implementation of complex data-centric solutions, including extremely complex and large data set verification, transformation and feature generation, to ensure continuous high-quality input for the model development

Lead the design and implementation of model delivery systems, including inference pipeline, automatic model validation reports generation, automatic model performance monitoring and model retraining, to ensure fast model productionization and reliable production system

Go-to person for data and model delivery within Layer 6

Lead and mentor Machine Learning Product Engineers to ensure best engineering practice in our systems.

Job Requirements

Required Technical Skills

BSc+ in Computer Science, Math, Physics, or similar

5+ years of extensive programming experience, at least 3 years in building production data systems

3+ years experience of building machine learning production system

Expert level skills in system design

Expert in Big Data technologies and frameworks including but not limited to Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark, Cassandra, Kafka, Elasticsearch

Strong knowledge of Machine Learning and Deep Learning

Practical expertise in performance tuning, bottleneck problems analysis, and troubleshooting

Experience with Big Data solutions developed in large cloud computing infrastructures such as Azure and AWS

Strong experience with Scala and Java 8

Nice to have Skills

C++, Python experience

Additional Information

Benefits

Entrepreneurial and inclusive culture

Excellent health coverage and pension plan

Four weeks paid vacation

Catered lunches twice a week over machine learning talks

Inclusiveness

At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs.

Job Family

Advanced Analytics & Modelling
Job Category - Primary

Product Management & Development
Job Category(s)

Product Management & Development
Hours

37.5
Business Line

Corporate
Time Type

Full Time
Employment Type

Regular
Country

Canada
**Province/State (Primary)

Ontario
City (Primary)

Toronto
Work Location

661 University Avenue
Job Expires

10-Oct-2021







-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------









-----------------------------------------------------------------------