Staff Machine Learning Engineer, Shopping Discovery

Millions of people across the world come to Pinterest to find new ideas every day. It's where they get inspiration, dream about new possibilities and plan for what matters most. Our mission is to help those people find their inspiration and create a life they love. In your role, you'll be challenged to take on work that upholds this mission and pushes Pinterest forward. You'll grow as a person and leader in your field, all the while helping Pinners make their lives better in the positive corner of the internet.

Shopping is at the core of Pinterest’s mission to help people create a life they love. The shopping discovery team at Pinterest is inventing a brand new, more visual and personalized shopping experience for 350M+ users worldwide. The team is responsible for delivering mid-funnel shopping experience on shopping surfaces like Product Detail Page, Shopping Search, Shopping on Board etc. As an engineer of the team you will be working on the most cutting edge recommendation algorithms to develop diverse types of shopping recommendations that will be displayed across different shopping surfaces on Pinterest.

You’ll also be responsible for optimizing the whole page layout by appropriately selecting and slotting the UI templates and recommendation modules optimizing towards a shopping metric. As an engineer of the team you’ll be running experiments and directly improving the shopping metrics contributing to the bottom line of the company.

If you are excited about large scale machine learning problems in the area of recommendation, search and whole page optimization then you must consider this role

What you'll do:

Develop large scale shopping recommendation algorithms
Build data pipelines to do data analysis and collect training data
Train deep learning models to improve quality and engagement of shopping recommenders
Work on backend and infrastructure to build, deploy and serve machine learning models
Develop algorithms to optimize the whole page layout of the shopping surfaces
Drive the roadmap for next generation of shopping recommenders
What we're looking for:

6+ years working experience in the area of applied Machine Learning
Interest or experience working on a large-scale search, recommendation and ranking problems
Interest and experience in doing full stack ML, including backend and ML infrastructure
Experience is any of the following areas
Developing large scale recommender systems
Contextual bandit algorithms
Reinforcement learning
#LI-JY1


Not Specified
0

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Engineer

About the role:

We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer who will be responsible for the development of algorithms, which will form the basis for our mathematical models to automate trading platforms for sports betting markets. The candidate must have a strong background in Machine Learning, Statistics and Algorithm Development experience.

Our ideal candidate should have:

Degree or Diploma in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computational Statistics or equivalent degree or experience. MS or PHD in Computer Science, specializing in Machine Learning is desirable.
Minimum 3 years of relevant experience with statistical computing in R or Python. (Experience with modern R packages and technologies such as dplyr, tidyR, data.table, shinyR preferred).
Minimum 3 years of experience with Machine Learning algorithms and Probabilistic Modelling.
Strong background in statistics, preferably Bayesian Statistics — experience with Bayesian Inference using Statistical Languages for MCMC such as Stan, JAGS, WinBugs is a big plus.
Experience with SQL and SQL Server.
Experience with .NET Framework and C# is preferable.
Experience using cloud computing platforms such as EC2 (AWS).
Domain experience in on-line gaming and entertainment industry, Financial Markets (such as Stock Exchange, Options, Bonds, Forex, etc.), or other types of 2-sided markets.
Experience with Neural Networks or Deep Learning on large problems – a plus.
Experience with Hadoop, Map Reduce or High Performance Computing – a plus.
We offer:

An environment passionate about growth and learning
Competitive salary with bonus
Fitness subsidy program
Free beverages in the office
Workplace that is conveniently located along the Yonge/Sheppard line
What we are looking for:

This is a key role within the team and would suit someone who is passionate about working with data and building predictive models. We are looking for someone with strong background in statistics, modelling and algorithms (machine learning or other) and who has the ability to convey complex information through data visualization. Strong communication in both verbal and written is required. We are also looking for someone with strong analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities with attention to detail, has ability to multi-task, and manage multiple assignments in a fast-paced environment. This individual must have initiative to work independently, but also able to work effectively with team members in different locations. Flexibility and adaptability to business requirements and priority changes a must. A thorough understanding and passion for sports and sports betting markets is ideal. Experience working with dual markets is a preferred. Experience with cloud computing as well as python a plus. Experience with development highly preferred.

The above is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. For a full description, please contact us directly.

Crescendo Technology thanks all candidates applying but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Selected candidates may be asked to complete an on-line technical assessment.

Crescendo Technology is an equal opportunity employer, which values diversity in the workplace, and we encourage candidates. Should you require an accommodation for the recruitment or interview process, please do not hesitate to reach out to us.

If interested, please apply through the portal:

Apply
Job Features
Job Category
Development

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Engineer (All levels)

About Us
Deep Genomics is a Toronto-based startup company that is building an AI-powered discovery and development platform to significantly expand the universe of medicines available for genetically defined diseases. Founded in 2015, Deep Genomics brings together a multidisciplinary team of world-leading experts in machine learning, genomics, chemistry, and biology. Together we are on a mission to rapidly discover and develop oligonucleotide drugs for the treatment of patients with severe disorders of the liver, central nervous system, and eye.

Ideal Candidate
Our predictive systems group brings together world-leading experts in biology, genomics, medicine, and machine learning. We are working on several ambitious projects to develop pioneering AI technology for understanding complex genetic diseases and enabling the discovery of novel targets as well as therapies. We are looking for an experienced machine learning engineer to lead the design and development of new models and pipelines and the infrastructure for scaling it up to the next level.
What You’ll Be Doing:
Working with our ML scientists to develop highly scalable models and algorithms for predicting molecular phenotypes using state-of-the-art neural network methodologies.
Developing evaluation, visualization, and productivity tools for streamlining machine learning research
Adapting our algorithms and architectures to best exploit modern cloud computing environments
Working with our software engineers, biologists and geneticists to operationalize and deploy research output to match the needs of stakeholders.
What You Bring:
Solid Engineering and Computer Science fundamentals, ideally with a degree in CS, Math, or equivalent experience.
Senior candidates should have experience in architecting, developing, and deploying large software systems in a leading position
Experience in building, testing, training, and deploying production-ready ML workflows.
Experience developing machine learning algorithms or machine learning infrastructure in Python or C/C++.
Experience with frameworks like PyTorch, Caffe2, Tensorflow, Keras, JAX, Chainer, etc.
Experience in the operationalization of Machine Learning projects (MLOps) using at least one of the popular frameworks or platforms (e.g. Kubeflow, AWS Sagemaker, Google AI Platform, Azure Machine Learning).
What we offer:
Leading role in developing the future of drug development to cure genetically defined diseases.
A highly competitive salary and meaningful equity compensation.
Exceptional opportunities for learning and growth.
A bright, collegial, highly motivated team working at the intersection of the most exciting areas of science and technology.
Deep Genomics thanks all applicants, however only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Deep Genomics welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Engineer (Developer)

What is the opportunity?


Corporate Systems helps RBC functions & businesses achieve business objectives through app development & technology support. We’re also the centre of excellence for employee social collaboration & mobile apps. We’re building a team that embraces innovation & enthusiasm to bring fresh perspectives. We’ve been on a journey to build out high performing, highly resilient technology platforms that can grow with the continuous demands from Group Risk, Human Resources, Chief Administrative Office & Audit, Capital Markets, P&CB and Wealth.


We’re looking for talented and passionate technologists to join our team! With an engineering mind-set you will work as part of an agile team to deliver high performing applications built on a cloud platform and streaming technologies. We believe in continuous growth and expanding your capabilities. Join our team today and have a big impact influencing the strength of our advanced insight and analytics.


What will you do?

Develop and support highly scalable, high performance components within an Agile development team
Ensure high code quality through automated unit and functional testing
Automate processes within the development pipeline; identify opportunities for efficiency gains and reducing time-to-market, and enabling continuous delivery
Design and develop code structures to promote reusability across many applications
Lead and mentor other developers to elevate the entire team’s skillset and mind-set. Coach others on the team.
Be open-minded and look beyond your stack to solve complex problems
Proactively seek out knowledge about new technologies and how they can be used to solve current and foreseeable challenges
Communicate effectively and distill technical details into human terms

What do you need to succeed?

Must Have:

As a baseline, we are interested in candidates who have hands-on exposure to Java/Python programming, Big Data technologies (HDP/CDP, HDFS/HIVE), and experience designing/writing/building REST APIs.

In addition to the above fundamental skillsets, we are looking for candidates who have hands-on experience with at least ONE or more of the following:

Kafka
ElasticSearch
Cloudera
OpenShift (Docker, Kubernetes)
AWS/Azure

Nice to Have:

Any additional knowledge or experience with Feedzai – Pulse, Watson, or Kx would be considered a definite asset

What’s in it for you?

We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.

A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable
Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities
Ability to make a difference and lasting impact
Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team
Flexible work/life balance options
Opportunities to take on progressively greater accountabilities
Opportunities to building close relationships with clients

Learn more about RBC Tech Jobs

Join our Talent Community
Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.

Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at rbc.com/careers.

JOB SUMMARY
City: Toronto
Address: 88 Queens Quay W
Work Hours/Week: 37.5
Work Environment: Office
Employment Type: Permanent
Career Level: Experienced Hire/Professional
Pay Type: Salary + Variable Bonus
Required Travel(%): 0-25
Exempt/Non-Exempt: N/A
People Manager: Yes
Application Deadline: 09/30/2021
Platform: Technology and Operations
Req ID: 339138
Ad Code(s):

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
