Machine Learning Developer

Working at CBC:
At the CBC, we all have a story to tell. What’s yours?

If you share our passion for Canadian storytelling and you wish to help us engage with individuals and communities across our various digital platforms, this is where you’ll want to be! 

Every day, you will have an opportunity to shape the way in which Canadians see themselves reflected in our digital services. Your work will have a direct impact on how millions of Canadians from various communities  connect with our products, with one another, and with the diverse voices that make our country so unique. 

You will have the opportunity to play a part in enlightening and entertaining Canadians through our innovative work in building the mediums that deliver our content. We are an innovative hub, where the talented professionals we work with are respected and valued for their contributions. Our product teams are vibrant and our work culture strives to achieve the highest standards of diversity and inclusion. We believe that hiring people with different career paths and backgrounds is fundamental in our shared success and in building healthy and highly performant teams. When you join our mission, you are not only shaping the vision of the CBC, but the future of our country. 


Why is this role important?
This isn’t your typical machine learning role. You are taking the best of data systems engineering, machine learning and software development, and applying it to interesting problems you wouldn’t normally get a chance to solve at a big enterprise or a startup.

As a Machine Learning Developer, you’ll be able to apply Machine Learning approaches to products, where the expected outcome is to show value to our audience, rather than to increase company revenue. We have several recommendation systems in production that we actively iterate on. At CBC Digital Products, we tackle the hard problems, while applying the very best solutions to serve the needs of Canadians. For more stories on what we have built and how we use Machine Intelligence at CBC, explore our blog posts on Medium.

As our new Machine Learning Developer, you will be responsible for development and deployment of Machine Learning algorithms, uniquely catered to our various product offerings and content areas, and their success metrics. With direct mentorship from senior members of our Machine Learning practice, this is an exciting opportunity to apply your knowledge and grow your hands-on skills using - and building -  the latest tools and technologies. 

If you're passionate about Canada and you love technology, learning and bringing out the best in others, you’ll love working at CBC.


Here’s why we should work together:
Our digital teams’ values - collaboration, learning, and continuous improvement - embody who we are as a people-focused, digital-forward employer. We follow lean startup principles and use an Agile approach. Our dedicated people managers work closely with every individual to ensure we are leveraging their strengths, championing their ideas and supporting their pursuit of new skills and their desired career progression.

Here at CBC Digital Strategy & Products, we want you to be happy and feel good at work.  It is essential that work be a safe space where our employees are able to share their authentic selves with one another and to push each other to challenge conventions. 


Perks you can look forward to:

Flexible work schedules, allowing you to prioritize yourself, your family and your work
Work from home opportunities
Competitive total rewards package
20% of time for innovation, learning and development; wherever your interests lie
Opportunities to work with cutting edge technology
Opportunities for continued learning and professional development
Opportunities to become a member of our Employee Resource Groups
Pair programming and mentorship opportunities, where you can learn from the best in the industry and help coach new talent
A creative and dynamic work environment, where your ideas and contributions can be heard, valued and respected
A supportive management team committed to upholding the highest standards of diversity and inclusivity
An environment which favours experimentation and an iterative approach in order to achieve the highest form of technical innovation
 

 
How you will make an impact:

You will build, Validate, and deploy machine learning solutions that will help us better engage with Canadians.
You will experiment with machine learning algorithms to create personalized experiences uniquely customized for Canadians.
You will help iterate on our machine learning infrastructure to ensure it continues to be robust and scalable.
You will collaborate with individuals, teams and community of practices to ensure the highest quality product is developed and best practices are followed.
You will continuously pursue knowledge through build, measure, learn processes in an Agile environment and stay on top of the latest technology developments.

What you could bring to our team: 

The passion for machine learning and data. You like to experiment and explore bleeding edge technologies and techniques, and validate their effectiveness.You are comfortable with the level of ambiguity these new technologies and projects might bring.
The experience. You have strong software development principles and apply them rigorously. To that end, we will be asking you to complete a timed technical assessment. We want to respect your time, evaluate your skills and ensure you have the knowledge that will enable you to thrive and grow in our environment.
The education. A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or equivalent is preferred, but we know not everyone gains their programming skills this way.
The technical skills. You have strong software development skills in Python and knowledge of machine learning libraries (e.g. Tensorflow). You have an  interest in Big Data technologies, NoSQL, ETL and Google Cloud Platform or AWS. 
The bonus skills. Ideally, you have two years experience in building machine learning models and deploying them into production.
To Apply:
At the CBC, we recognize that not everyone takes the same path when it comes to building their skills. We value diversity of thought and of experience, and we are excited to hear from you! Hands-on experience, intelligence, innovation, a passion for learning, and a team-focused approach can combine to form the best set of qualifications. If you feel you meet most of the qualifications and you are excited by the possibility of adding to the rich culture of the CBC, take a chance and express your interest by applying now!
If you’re interested in reading more about the various backgrounds of the talented people that make up our teams, our exciting new projects, and what we’re currently working on, check out our Digital Labs blog on Medium! 

CBC/Radio-Canada is committed to being a leader in reflecting our country’s diversity. That’s because we can only create and tell the stories that connect Canadians, by having a workforce that mirrors the ever-changing makeup of our country. That’s why we, as an employer, value equal opportunity and nurture an inclusive workplace where our individual differences are not only recognized and valued, but also extend to and pervade all the services we provide as Canada’s public broadcaster. For more information, visit the Diversity and Inclusion section of our website. If you have accommodation needs at this stage of the recruitment process, please inform us as soon as possible by sending an e-mail to recruitment@cbc.ca.

You are invited to consult and familiarize yourself with our Code of Conduct, which can be found on our corporate website. All employees must adhere to the Code as a condition of employment. We also invite you to take a look at our policy on conflicts of interest. In the event that you become an employee, it will be important to inform us, as quickly as possible, of any situation that, because of your hiring, constitutes or could appear to constitute a conflict of interest.

Should you require accommodations during the hiring and/or interview process, please contact medeea.leonte@cbc.ca. 

Skills
you have two years experience in building machine learning models and deploying them into production. To Apply: ETL and Google Cloud Platform or AWS. The bonus skills. Ideally but we know not everyone gains their programming skills this way. The technical skills. You have strong software development skills in Python and knowledge of machine learning libraries (e.g. Tensorflow). You have an interest in Big Data technologies or equivalent is preferred evaluate your skills and ensure you have the knowledge that will enable you to thrive and grow in our environment. The education. A degree in Computer Science we will be asking you to complete a timed technical assessment. We want to respect your time and validate their effectiveness.You are comfortable with the level of ambiguity these new technologies and projects might bring. The experience. You have strong software development principles and apply them rigorously. To that end The passion for machine learning and data. You like to experiment and explore bleeding edge technologies and techniques noSQl Math Engineering







-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning / Data Science Engineer - 110801

At AMD, we push the boundaries of what is possible. We believe in changing the world for the better by driving innovation in high-performance computing, graphics, and visualization technologies – building blocks for gaming, immersive platforms, and the data center.

Developing great technology takes more than talent: it takes amazing people who understand collaboration, respect, and who will go the “extra mile” to achieve unthinkable results. It takes people who have the passion and desire to disrupt the status quo, push boundaries, deliver innovation, and change the world. If you have this type of passion, we invite you to take a look at the opportunities available to come join our team.

Machine Learning / Data Science Engineer

Come help us develop and finetune our product development and engineering pipeline solution that makes sure AMD's platforms crush the competition!

Our team writes large scale infrastructure software and tools using C#, Ruby and C++ for Windows and Linux environments. Our software is utilized during all stages of product development across multiple AMD sites and includes distributed automation processes, web applications and databases to track millions of records generated by thousands of systems. We are constantly adapting our software development processes to manage the challenges we accept.

Join us, if you are passionate about solving problems and working with the latest technologies, both hardware and software! We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our engineering, validation, QA, release management and leadership teams with insights gained from analyzing data generated across the whole product development pipeline. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our products.

Your Key Responsibilities
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive quality
Mine and analyze data from multiple data sources to drive optimization and improvement to product development, validation and release pipeline
Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to datasets
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy
Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance
Preferred Experience and Skills

The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.
Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc.
Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc.
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Qualifications
Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Must have 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models
Requisition Number: 110801

Country: Canada Province: Ontario City: Markham

Job Function:Design

AMD is an inclusive employer dedicated to building a diverse workforce. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective provincial human rights codes throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. Any applicant who requires accommodation should contact AskHR@amd.com .

AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services.







-----------------------------------------------------------------------
